Congratulations to Young Master Yang for marrying the nerves of Shenzhou Luodai
The rise of the Yang family is just around the corner
This is a congratulatory gift from our Wang family.
I hope Young Master Yang and Miss Luo will accept it with a smile
Thank you Wang family head
And my Chen family
A mere bori is not a fine discussion
I also hope that Young Master Yang and Miss Lu Xiao Na
You see, the Yang family is really going to develop
Even the four major families of Zhongzhong are here to deliver the wedding?
I heard that Young Master Yang's bride is the first family in Shendu
Who wouldn't dare to send a congratulatory gift?
Good Mr. Yang Qian
Are you really proud?
Have you forgotten that you have a wife?
You see
He was a streaker two days ago and even pushed me hot
What a shame
This is not two days ago.
The woman who runs naked in the street with a child?
Why is he here?
We're both divorced.
What are you doing here?